well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so uh had a lot of people ask for like a
situation report
because the whole world is holding its
breath right now
as uh ballots get counted and that's
fine
that's fine we've waited four years we
can wait four days
it's not a big deal
but the situation report is
probably not what people want to hear
i do believe the biden is going to win
however the democrats did not get firm
control
of congress no matter how the rest of
this plays out
so biden doesn't have a mandate
biden may have been able to remove
president trump
okay but he doesn't have a mandate
there's not going to be a lot of policy
changes that
uh are legislative he'll be able to undo
some stuff via executive order
but that's about it this occurred
because a substantial portion
of the american population sees nothing
wrong
with trump's policies
they don't find his policies
morally repugnant they're okay with it
that means it's up to us
me and you we have to organize we have
to educate
we have to continue nothing changed
a little bit of breathing room maybe if
we're lucky
but we're not going to get any relief
it goes on
it's going to require you
to be the anvil that breaks the hammer
it's going to require you to keep your
moral compass
even though a large percentage of the
american population
has lost theirs
it's imperative
that once the announcement is made you
understand
from the beginning he's not gonna be
able to do much
the rhetoric that trump used
was successful
even if he loses it was successful
which means it will stay in play the
republican party will continue to go
down that road
unless we as individuals make it
a politically untenable position
we have to continue to turn people away
from this
it's going to require a lot of work it's
going to require a lot of
organization it's not over
it was never going to be over the
reality is it was always up to us
this playing out the way it did
where if we're lucky biden will
win by the skin of his teeth
that may be the best thing in the long
run
because hopefully it will send a message
to those who are
less inclined to stay politically
engaged
that it's not over and that trump's
rhetoric
worked trump
was not uh great
at using that rhetoric
what's going to happen when that
rhetoric
is deployed by somebody who is competent
who is capable who is effective
there is a very large portion of the
american population
who will love it and that's what we have
to change
we have to continue to educate even
while biden's in
office we can't stop
so the good news
i still think biden's going to win
the bad news doesn't mean anything not
really
the same level of intensity that you've
had for the last four years
is gonna have to carry on it's gonna
have to come through
and you're going to have to stay active
you're still going to have to
organize to shape those around you
and to show them the failings of the
trump administration
when people say that they want
young americans to be proud of this
country
you have to be ready to demand
that we give them something to be proud
of
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day